# Network_Maintenance_Scheduling
Instances for the bilevel network maintenance scheduling problem

This repository contains baseline scenarios for the bilevel network maintenance scheduling problem. The bilevel maintenance scheduling problem aims to find the optimal coordination of maintenance projects in a transport network under a user-equilibrium traffic assignment. Each maintenance project consists of a list of network links, a link capacity reduction factor and a project duration. If a maintenance project is active, the capacity of all links affected by this project is reduced accordingly for the duration of the project.

Instances are named as follows: "Network_P.txt" where Network is the name of the transport network and P is the number of maintenance projects.

Each file refers to a transport network publicly available at https://github.com/bstabler/TransportationNetworks. Each file contains the list of links affected for each project and the link capacity reduction factor of this project. The duration of projects is not provided. These baseline network maintenance scenarios were used to generate instances wherein projects' duration are randomly generated. 

Each file also contains the list of all project patterns (2^P) and their relative Total System Travel Time (rTSTT) under user equilibrium conditions compared to the base TSTT. Each pattern corresponds to a binary array of length P indicating which project is active (1) or inactive (0). All TSTT values were obtained by solving the corresponding (static) traffic assignment problem (TAP) using TAPAS [Bar-Gera, Hillel. "Traffic assignment by paired alternative segments." Transportation Research Part B: Methodological 44, no. 8-9 (2010): 1022-1046.]. For each pattern row, the first column is the pattern ID, the second column is the binary representation of the pattern, the third column is the rTSTT of the pattern and the fourth column is the runtime for solving the corresponding TAP using TAPAS on a personal computer.
